Added sshPilot, Valot, CSVEN, EcoTubeHQ, Vaults, and updated some entries (#364)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

### Remote File Access

- [Taxi](https://github.com/Alecaddd/taxi) - FTP client designed for elementary OS that also supports SFTP, WebDAV and AFP `#vala` `#gtk4` `#granite` `#libadwaita`.

### File Encryption

> - [Vaults](https://flathub.org/en/apps/io.github.mpobaschnig.Vaults) - Creating encrypted vaults in which files can be stored safely, using gocryptfs and CryFS for encryption `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Vaults](https://flathub.org/en/apps/io.github.mpobaschnig.Vaults) - Application that lets you create vaults in which files can be stored safely, using gocryptfs and CryFS for encryption `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```
